the West African rainforest
here we find animals the data straight
back to our roots these chimpanzees
immediately bring to mind our Stone Age
ancestors I've been studying chimps for
quite a few years and never get over
really no sense that I'm watching
illness and come closer to us than any
other on earth way they look why they
behave the way they understand the world
around them will seem so deeply familiar
but together with chimps we belong to a
much wider group of animals with whom
he's still sharing a great deal in
common and from whom we can get a
tantalizing clue about our very earliest
origins that group is the primates